Hey
uncle
Auntie, let's go to the hospital quickly!
What are you doing? Get in the car
Hold on.
School is coming soon
Go to school and study hard
Only with culture will there be success in the future
Brother, do you really not go to school with such good grades?
Limited conditions at home
I can't just watch you two do math
Go to school and study hard
Fulfill my brother's dream
Brother, I will definitely study hard
I will take care of you in the future, good brother, I believe in you.
But you've always taken good care of me
I remember when I was a child
I'm a coward.
Every time I see myself being bullied by others
My brother will stand up for me
Mom and Dad left early
It's my brother who has been taking care of us
In my eyes
Just like my father did.
Brother, as long as there is anything delicious
Give it all to me
He doesn't want a single bite.
You grew up
Don't let us suffer a little grievance
Now I just have to look at his daughter
Am I still human?
They are all alive and impersonal, haha.
Hahahaha
Ah!
Ha ha.
The doctor said that the condition is progressing rapidly today
The treatment plan is still partial, it has always been better
After all, there is news from their house
My mom has hope
I have been able to go to major villages now
Once you have the right background
They will contact us immediately
It's not my fault
If I hadn't left poverty behind when I was young
I won't suffer this crime
Ah!
No.